PATH_STANDBY/AVAILABLE can be sent for all issued DCIDs (#277)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

Destination Connection ID Sequence Number:
: The sequence number of the Destination Connection ID used by the
  receiver of this frame to send packets over the path the status update
  corresponds to. All Destination Connection ID that have been issued

>   MAY be used even if a path was not initated yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  MAY be used even if it is not yet in user over a path.
```

>   MAY be used even if a path was not initated yet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  MAY be specified even if it is not yet in use over a path.
```
"specified" in addition to @qdeconinck's suggestions.

only if it contains the last status sent for that path -- as indicated
by the sequence number.

> A PATH_STANDY may be bundled with a NEW_CONNECTION_ID frame or

Author: ```suggestion
A PATH_STANDY MAY be bundled with a NEW_CONNECTION_ID frame or
```

> A PATH_STANDY MAY be bundled with a NEW_CONNECTION_ID frame or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A PATH_STANDBY frame MAY be bundled with a NEW_CONNECTION_ID frame or
```

> PATH_RESPONSE frame in order to indicated the prefered path usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PATH_RESPONSE frame in order to indicate the preferred path usage
```

> PATH_RESPONSE frame in order to indicate the preferred path usage

Author: Do we need to also mention PATH_CHALLENGE?

Destination Connection ID Sequence Number:
: The sequence number of the Destination Connection ID used by the
  receiver of this frame to send packets over the path the status update
  corresponds to. All Destination Connection ID that have been issued

>   MAY be used even if a path was not initated yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  MAY be used even if it is not yet in user over a path.
```

>   MAY be used even if a path was not initated yet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  MAY be specified even if it is not yet in use over a path.
```

only if it contains the last status sent for that path -- as indicated
by the sequence number.

> A PATH_AVAILABLE may be bundled with a NEW_CONNECTION_ID frame or

Author: ```suggestion
A PATH_AVAILABLE MAY be bundled with a NEW_CONNECTION_ID frame or
```

> A PATH_AVAILABLE MAY be bundled with a NEW_CONNECTION_ID frame or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A PATH_AVAILABLE frame MAY be bundled with a NEW_CONNECTION_ID frame or
```

> PATH_RESPONSE frame in order to indicated the prefered path usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PATH_RESPONSE frame in order to indicate the preferred path usage
```
